Update doc for payload factory (#392)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/reference/mediators/payloadfactory-mediator.md

!!! Note
    -   FreeMarker version 2.3.30 is tested with WSO2 MI 4.x.x.

>     -   You are not required to specify the CDATA tag manually when defining the payload. WSO2 Integration Studio or WSO2 Enterprise Integrator VSCode extension will apply the tag automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   You are not required to specify the CDATA tag manually when defining the payload. WSO2 Micro Integrator VSCode extension will apply the tag automatically.
```
